hello everyone with you alexey 8 transfer
Kortavye far today will help my
helper hello everyone i'm a motto and
today we will make french fries
in an unusual way how do you think yes
correct in comment is correct
wrote we will cook french fries on
bonfire
go prepare the guys first thing
we need from potatoes
the sending method of potatoes to
you no one earth
magnificent percentage made all the potatoes to
work too and on tank pan honor but
which is light but neat. . here we are
our pot is our potato won
neatly stolen tower
and let's go through the coil so thin and the topic
a set of us won't be class cleaned up so
yummy
he
will be like potato chips fries will tell you
exactly on the right it will
tastier
all for a long time even wrote you normally
contacts yes even on something asian
In principle, the type of such a thing is much
it is necessary somewhere 2 3 how it flushes
this oil we show everyone a pleasant
appetite if you can which one is thicker
picture calves
masseur risk special oil poured
holiday oil rim mass of myself
to samosa frontier must extract
and
than Soviet smoke and montages and
dangerous to get
everything turned out to flow completely let's
make our last one under ours
potatoes Well Well's put it himself
google and that is good, 17 warmed up and
the potatoes are fried oil is not worth the water
it will be very fast and the coil is empty
shake me so myself but see on
keep up with the oil learn Murka type
then appear there are cooking and
senator kosyan when bonds
well, for now
switch and I'll go here I have sinned on
cook on fire because thats
quicker
see our potatoes are almost ready
let's wait and indulge you here
an end in itself to the taste
well friends are friends here is our bowler
we are hell bypassing potatoes so tasty
potato smell like french fries and
the smell of smoke such a shoal is a class
we combine let's try i even without
priceless sauce oven will taste potatoes
take away
golden much more mcdonald's
i'm very tasty i'm really ready at home
and not so tasty anyway
I try to become where Sasha you try
kasu comment so cook if
go to the forest for a picnic cook you
I advise everyone to all probably prepared
french fries home of many bloggers
she costin no one seems to cook like that
that cook guys always exploit
well what he does not strict page here you go
I take one thing
I think it 's very tasty
Of course very tasty it is much cooler
than potatoes in fryer
or just an oven release of this bar
the potato was very tasty oh so
The stock of the potatoes was very tasty
friend actually managed to fire it
very tasty continue to follow and hike
do everything on this principle if you want
more such format on the pallet catalog
with denis do not put like write about it
in the comments and weak and the scales are not
forgetting advice thumbs up
subscribe sanga Yiannis not
forget to put your thumbs up and
subscribe to our group vkontakte
bye everyone
first wash the potatoes and
he